Okay, well,
I wanna give you a chance to apply these,
so we are at chapter three,
part number four.
And we are looking at styling
without classes and so
once again, I have given you
your starting mark up here for
the Kaiju Cafe based on what I did for
my markup.
You can use this one if you wish, or you
can use the one that you created earlier.
And what I'd like for you to do now,
your challenge is I want you to
style this page with no classes.
Based on all of the selectors that you
know so far, style it with no classes so
you can add divs, you can add spans but
you can't give them the classes.
And you probably don't need to
change the markup otherwise other
than maybe adding a couple of divs or
spans.
And then I want you to style it up
as best you can, I've given you some
suggestions here if you're looking for
our color palette or some fonts.
I've picked the Creepster font from
Google Fonts which looks exactly as you
would expect and if you wanna change
those you're more than welcome to.
If you don't like my color palette
feel free to change that but
see what you can do about styling this
page and never make use of a class.